Create ui-c8y-1019-6-12-adjust-font-family-and-font-size-for-japanese-5407-graft-release.md (#1764)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/ui-c8y-1019-6-12-adjust-font-family-and-font-size-for-japanese-5407-graft-release.md

---
date: ""

> title: Adjust font-family and font size for Japanese (#5407) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5647)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Adjust Font Family and Size for Japanese Text
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57758
version: 1019.6.12
---

> Adjust font-family and font size for Japanese (#5407) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5647)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The font family and size for Japanese text have been adjusted to improve readability and visual consistency across different platforms. These tweaks help ensure Japanese characters render cleanly at an appropriate size across varying screen densities and resolutions.
```
